ENG-4085: docs for RFC 8707 Resource Indicators support (#4320)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/endpoints.mdx

    This URI must have been configured previously in the FusionAuth Application OAuth configuration.
    See Applications in the FusionAuth User Guide for additional information on configuring the redirect URI.
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="resource" type="String" optional since="1.67.0">
    The URI of the target resource server, per RFC 8707 Resource Indicators for OAuth 2.0.

>     This parameter may be provided multiple times. The following validation rules are applied in order; any failure returns `invalid_target` and the authorization code is immediately invalidated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To provide multiple URIs, pass each URI as a separate parameter with the same name. The following validation rules are applied in order; any failure returns `invalid_target` and the authorization code is immediately invalidated:
```
"Maybe be provided multiple times" doesn't explain why users might want to do that. You don't have to use this suggestion, but we should provide a bit more explanation.

>     1. If at least one resource URI from the authorize request is still present in the application's <InlineField>oauthConfiguration.authorizedResourceUris</InlineField>, then at least one `resource` value is required here. (If all authorize-time resources have since been removed from the application config, this requirement is lifted.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If at least one resource URI from the authorize request is still present in the application's <InlineField>oauthConfiguration.authorizedResourceUris</InlineField>, then at least one `resource` value is required here.
```
This parenthetical sounds redundant, but I'll leave it up to you to flesh it out if you'd like to keep it around.

  <APIField name="refresh_token" type="String" required>
    The refresh token that you would like to use to exchange for an access token.
  </APIField>
  <APIField name="resource" type="String" optional since="1.67.0">
    The URI of the target resource server, per RFC 8707 Resource Indicators for OAuth 2.0.

>     This parameter may be provided multiple times. Behavior depends on the application's <InlineField>oauthConfiguration.authorizedResourceUris</InlineField>:

Reviewer: same as above re: 'provided multiple times'
